# BugHunter




https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a685e0ba-fe75-4846-a07e-6b911141ace4



## Overview

**BugHunter** is a comprehensive system designed to generate websites with intentional bugs and test them using a QA
agent.
The QA Agent provides comprehensive and detailed reports on the functionality of various web components
and suggests fixes
based on best practices.

## Top Features

1. **Buggy Website Generator**
2. **QA Agent: Buttons, Forms, Links, Tabs, Compatibility and Accessibility Testing**
3. **Bug Fix Suggestions**
4. **Interactive and dynamic Interface**

## Components

### Buggy Website Generator

- **Functionality**: Generates buggy code snippets given selected bugs templates.
- **Templates**: Uses OpenAI for templates with bugs, and embeds it into a given HTML website.
- **Independence**: Seperated from the QA Agent.

### QA Agent

- **Testing Scope**: Supports testing on generated HTML or user-provided URLs.
- **Results**: Provides component-specific results.
- **Tools Used**: Selenium, W3C (The World Wide Web Consortium) Validator class for basic Standards and Protocols for
  web development, and BeautifulSoup for testing.

#### Supported Components

1. **Form**: Tests input elements and submit button functionality.
2. **Button**: Tests functionality, visibility, and interactivity.
3. **URL**: Tests functionality and interactivity of selects and tabs.
4. **W3C testing** - Accessibility and compatibility:
    - Tests the markup validity of web documents according to the W3C (World Wide Web Consortium) standards, ensuring
      accessibility and compatibility across different browsers and devices.

- **Fix Suggestions**: Suggest fixes based on best practices given a buggy code snippet using OpenAI query.

### BugHunter System (Node.js & React Website)

- **Integration**: Uses Fast API for QA agent and website generator integration, in a next.js website.
- **Framework**: Built with Next.js.
- **Dynamic Interface**: Displays test results for elements.

#### Additional Features

- **File Uploads**: Test HTML files not generated by the system.
- **Buggy HTML Code Generation**: Generates buggy website given buggy code snippets and a website template. Embeds the
  buggy code snippets into the template.

### Setting Up

1. **Clone the Repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ShaharHahami/QA_Websites.git
    ```
2. **Install Dependencies**:
    ```bash
    cd system
    npm install axios
    ```

### Running the System

1. **Start The Server (FastAPI)**:
    ```bash
    uvicorn main:app --reload  
    ```
2. **Start the BugHunter Website**:
    ```bash
    npm run dev 
   ```

### Interacting with the System

- **Generate a Buggy Website**: Use the Buggy Website Generator to create a website with selected bugs.
- **Upload or Provide URL for Testing**: Use the QA Agent to test the generated HTML or any user-provided URL.
- **View Results**: Check the dynamic website for detailed test results and suggested fixes.
- **Bug Fix Suggestions**: Implementation of an automated bug fix suggestion feature using OpenAI query.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

---
